---
layout: post
title: "The Bardo Museum"
description: ""
category:
author: "Richard"
location: "Tunisia"
lat: "33.886917"
category: "Travelsnapz"
lng: "9.537499"
image: camera.gif
tags: []
---


The museum is just four kilometers out from the centre of 
Tunis (the capital city) on the light rail. Everyone knows 
where it is, so if you get lost, just ask.

You will be astonished at the number and quality of the 
mosaics that have been collected from the various Roman 
sites around Tunisia. The building itself is just as 
amazing - an old ottoman style palace with beautiful 
plastered ceilings and tiling, marble staircases and lovely 
grounds.

We spend the whole day at The Bardo. The tour groups come 
and go around us for their fleeting visit.

But our itinerary allows us the time to study the expertise 
involved in putting these artworks together. There are wall 
mosaics, floor mosaics, and gravestone mosaics. They depict 
all sorts of themes from myths to pictures of everyday 
life.

Some of the exhibition areas in the Bardo museum are 
devoted to displaying artefacts from particular areas or 
regions, others have a more thematic offering. But they are 
all stunning. We were amazed at the size of the mosaics, 
some covering walls two stories high.

An interesting highlight of the museum is a floor devoted 
to the display of articles found in a recently discovered 
ancient ship wreck.

You can see some photos and read more about Tunisia at 
http://travelsnapz.tripod.com





